[docs] Add installation of WSL2 on Windows (#919)
modm-io/modm: docs/src/guide/installation.md

    about the quality of these instructions.

## Windows with WSL2

The [Windows Subsystem for Linux 2][wsl2] allows you to run a Linux distribution
in parallel to Windows. For a pure Windows installation see [above](#windows).

Install Ubuntu-22.04 LTS as WSL2 distribution:
See the [general WSL doc][wsl-install], but as of this writing
`wsl --list --online` will not list Ubuntu 22.04.1 LTS, but it is
[available in the Microsoft Store][windows-store-ubuntu-22-04-1-lts].
Install it from there via mouse clicks.
Make sure the WSL2 instance is running by opening a terminal via start menu.

> Physically attach the microcontroller board to a USB port and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Physically attach your microcontroller development board or your debugger to a USB port and
```

the filename: `sudo nano /etc/udev/rules.d/100-udev-stm.rules`.
Add some rules similar to [the ones used in OpenOCD][udev-rules-openocd]:

```
# STMicroelectronics ST-LINK V1
ATTRS{idVendor}=="0483", ATTRS{idProduct}=="3744", MODE="660", GROUP="plugdev", TAG+="uaccess"

# STMicroelectronics ST-LINK/V2
ATTRS{idVendor}=="0483", ATTRS{idProduct}=="3748", MODE="660", GROUP="plugdev", TAG+="uaccess"

# STMicroelectronics ST-LINK/V2.1
ATTRS{idVendor}=="0483", ATTRS{idProduct}=="374b", MODE="660", GROUP="plugdev", TAG+="uaccess"
ATTRS{idVendor}=="0483", ATTRS{idProduct}=="3752", MODE="660", GROUP="plugdev", TAG+="uaccess"

# STMicroelectronics STLINK-V3
ATTRS{idVendor}=="0483", ATTRS{idProduct}=="374d", MODE="660", GROUP="plugdev", TAG+="uaccess"
ATTRS{idVendor}=="0483", ATTRS{idProduct}=="374e", MODE="660", GROUP="plugdev", TAG+="uaccess"
ATTRS{idVendor}=="0483", ATTRS{idProduct}=="374f", MODE="660", GROUP="plugdev", TAG+="uaccess"
ATTRS{idVendor}=="0483", ATTRS{idProduct}=="3753", MODE="660", GROUP="plugdev", TAG+="uaccess"
ATTRS{idVendor}=="0483", ATTRS{idProduct}=="3754", MODE="660", GROUP="plugdev", TAG+="uaccess"

> ```

Reviewer: I don't understand why this is necessary, I assume this step is not needed at all (a reboot should do).
Because the [Ubuntu OpenOCD package](https://packages.ubuntu.com/jammy/amd64/openocd/filelist) already installs [`/etc/udev/rules.d/60-openocd.rules`](https://github.com/openocd-org/openocd/blob/master/contrib/60-openocd.rules).

Reviewer: If already, one should copy the whole file, so that not only ST-LINK debuggers work.

Author: I removed it.

Either reboot the machine or be lucky that a combination of the following
commands is sufficient:

```sh
sudo udevadm trigger
sudo udevadm control --reload
```

Remove the USB connector, reattach it, then issue the command
`usbipd wsl attach --busid 3-3`.

On WSL2 Linux follow the [Linux installation instructions](#linux) and

> additionally install picocom:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
additionally install a terminal emulator, e.g. _picocom_:
```

[modm-avr-gcc]: https://github.com/modm-io/avr-gcc
[armgcc-issues]: https://github.com/modm-io/modm/issues/468
[openocd-install]: https://github.com/rleh/openocd-build
[udev-rules-openocd]: https://github.com/openocd-org/openocd/blob/master/contrib/60-openocd.rules#L84-L99
[usbipd]: https://github.com/dorssel/usbipd-win

> [vscode]: https://code.visualstudio.com/ 

Reviewer: Link not used?
